fix(rpc): change `gettxout` to be compliant with core (#609)
getfloresta/Floresta: doc/rpc/gettxout.md

# `gettxout`

Returns details about an unspent transaction output.

## Arguments

* `txid` - (string, required) The transaction id;
* `command` - (string, required) vout number;

> * `include_mempool` - (not implemented).

Reviewer: You can remove this if we dont have support for it.

Author: @Davidson-Souza required to include it, but with a warning that it do nothing.

## Returns

### Ok Response

> 
> * json
> 
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json5
```

{  
  "bestblock" : "hex",      (String) The hash of the block at the tip of the chain
  "confirmations" : n,    (Numeric) The number of confirmations
  "value" : n,            (Numeric) The transaction value in BTC
  "scriptPubKey" : {
    "asm" : "hex",           (String)
    "hex" : "hex",           (String)
    "type" : "hex",          (String) The type, eg pubkeyhash
    "addresses" : "str"      (String) bitcoin addresses
  },
  "coinbase" : true|false  (Boolean) Coinbase or not
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Just realized that in the template we use a json, but in [addnode](https://github.com/vinteumorg/Floresta/blob/master/doc/rpc/addnode.md) we use a list. I think the list is clearer

### Error Enum `CommandError`

> Any of the error types on `rpc_types::Error`

Reviewer 2: I think this can be more expressive about which errors you should reasonably expect (we didn't find the output, our node died....)

## Usage Examples

> 
> * General usage:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Hmmm I like the concept of expliciting the format because we only describe the inputs... Seing what it should look like with and without data may be helpfull IMO.

Maybe we could add an `## Command Format` section ?

cc @lucad70

```bash

> floresta-cli gettxout <txid> <n>

Reviewer: Maybe including real examples ? the ones youre using to test are good enough

```

## Notes

> * This `rpc` isn't fully compliant since it need implementation of a `mempool`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This command is not fully API compatible with `Bitcoin Core`, `florestad` doesnt have a mempool implementation yet.
```

while suggesting these changes I thought to mention our [RPC Saga board](https://github.com/orgs/vinteumorg/projects/5) WYT ? 

cc @Davidson-Souza

> * also the response isn't fully implemented since it need `"reqSigs"` for multisig and `"addresses"` as array.

Reviewer 2: I think you can add the option and document it doesn't do anything for now

> * also the response isn't fully implemented since it need `"reqSigs"` for multisig and `"addresses"` as array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The response is not fully implemented since it need `"reqSigs"` for multisig and `"addresses"` as an array, the wallet implementation does not hold any private keys.
```

> * also the response isn't fully implemented since it need `"reqSigs"` for multisig and `"addresses"` as array.

Reviewer: empty space between the items may be good ?

# `gettxout`

Returns details about an unspent transaction output.

## Arguments

* `txid` - (string, required) The transaction id;
* `command` - (string, required) vout number;
* `include_mempool` - (not implemented).

## Returns

### Ok Response

* `"bestblock"`: (String) The hash of the block at the tip of the chain;
* `"confirmations"`: (Numeric) The number of confirmations;
* `"value"` : (Numeric) The transaction value in BTC;
* `"scriptPubKey"` : (json)
  * `"asm"` : (String) The assembled scriptPubKey
  * `"hex"` : (String) The raw scriptPubKey
  * `"type"` : (String) The type, eg pubkeyhash
  * `"addresses"` : (String) bitcoin addresses
* `"coinbase"` : (Boolean) Coinbase or not.

### Error Enum `CommandError`

* `JsonRpcError::BlockNotFound`;
* `JsonRpcError::InvalidScript`;
* `JsonRpcError::InvalidDescriptor`;
* `JsonRpcError::Encode`

## Usage Examples

> * General usage:

Reviewer: I liked the idea, since luca didnt responded the latter comment about this you can consider it resolved, lets keep this but i would call it differently, mostly because its redundant with the section naming...

Author: what's your suggestion?

  * `"hex"` : (String) The raw scriptPubKey
  * `"type"` : (String) The type, eg pubkeyhash
  * `"addresses"` : (String) bitcoin addresses
* `"coinbase"` : (Boolean) Coinbase or not.

### Error Enum `CommandError`

* `JsonRpcError::BlockNotFound`;
* `JsonRpcError::InvalidScript`;
* `JsonRpcError::InvalidDescriptor`;
* `JsonRpcError::Encode`

## Usage Examples

* General usage:

```bash
floresta-cli gettxout <txid> <n> (include_mempool)
```

* Examples:

```bash
# gettxout with a txid, vout 0 and include_mempool is false by default
floresta-cli gettxout aa5f3068b53941915d82be382f2b35711305ec7d454a34ca69f8897510db7ab8 0

# gettxout with a txid, vout 0 and include_mempool is false
floresta-cli gettxout aa5f3068b53941915d82be382f2b35711305ec7d454a34ca69f8897510db7ab8 0 false

# gettxout with a txid, vout 0 and include_mempool is true
floresta-cli gettxout aa5f3068b53941915d82be382f2b35711305ec7d454a34ca69f8897510db7ab8 0 true
```

## Notes

This `rpc` isn't fully implemented mostly because we need to implement mempool. For more information see [RPC Saga](https://github.com/orgs/vinteumorg/projects/5):

* It accept the `include_mempool` option, but for now, it do nothing;

> * the response is not fully implemented since it need `"reqSigs"` for `multisig`  and `"addresses"` as an array (WARN: the wallet implementation does not hold any private keys).

Reviewer 2: Are those fields in Bitcoin Core's RPCs?

Author: i got them from [developer.bitcoin.org](https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/rpc/gettxout.html) reference. But this differ from [bitcoin.org](https://bitcoincore.org/en/doc/29.0.0/rpc/blockchain/gettxout/) rpc reference. Should I follow the second?
